Instascriber: Automagically Add Content to Instapaper
Published on January 24, 2011.
I just “announced” a little web app that I’ve been developing off and on called “ Instascriber .”
It’s basically a tool to help you populate your Instapaper reading list with stuff using an RSS Feed subscription model.
If you use Instapaper a lot and use it to keep track of your reading list, you might want to automatically add new items, say from the New York Times Book section, into your Instapaper reading list.
If you already know you’d like to read the content on Instapaper, it’s a pain to manually add each thing you want to read.
With Instascriber, you can just set the feed you’d like to subscribe to.
Instascriber will periodically check the feed for new items and add it to your Instapaper reading list automatically in the background.
That’s it. Boom!
For now, I’m considering the web app to be in beta.
So let me know if you find bugs or anything.